hey everybody we're back here on the
next installment of the video of this
HTC m7 I want to use a couple tools on
this removal a heat gun and an infrared
thermometer the goal is is to go ahead
and remove the LCD from its assembly
piece here I'll try to use a suction cup
and I sessom O'Toole this is a thin
piece of metal couple guitar picks will
help us out you can use playing cards as
well or any other spudger or phone
opening tool can assist you I really
like the XS mode so it's a thin about
the thinness of a playing card but metal
so it's nice and easy to use I want to
use a our heat gun here we go ahead and
heat the phone up our goal is to get the
outside corners as hot as possible
without reaching over 180 degrees we
don't want to damage the LCD below the
glass on this so let's go around the
corners here now we're not actually
separating the glass from the LCD at
this point we're just removing the LCD
and glass assembly from the frame of the
HTC m7 so we're gonna do is basically
just cut the double-sided glue on both
sides of it and go ahead and remove it
as the LCD is not glued to the mid frame
like the Samsung phones would be so just
getting a hot all the way around getting
it nice and warm with the heat gun here
going all the way around the corners on
the sides of the phone now do you have a
small attachment on this to kind of
focus the heat you can use a just a
regular heat gun you don't have to have
the attachment the goal is just don't
get too hot if you're planning on to
reuse the bezel and the mid frame of
this so we're gonna put our suction cup
on here if I want to try to pull it and
see if this will let us uh open it up
it's a little bit warmer than the
plastic film since the metal heats up a
little bit more so it's gonna use a
glove to help us separate this I'm gonna
be nice and gentle as you do this well
gentle in the sense of we don't want to
just rip it off we want to go ahead and
just get the glass to separate a little
bit and then we'll use a guitar pick or
a playing card and stick it in there to
start to separate the glue on this phone
it's an easy way to save the the front
bezel as well as you don't want to use
anything that's too sharp but we might
damaged the LCD so we're not going very
far or deep in just to the black portion
around the LCD we don't want to separate
from the glass yet
we'll use a separator to do that just
using a guard pick to go all the way
around the phone and basically just cut
a double sided tape that's holding the
LCD into the mid frame you can see that
we're starting a little bit of progress
you go a little bit deeper down here at
the bottom now playing card would be
beneficial to hold what we've done
already once you start to separate you
can put a playing card in there to hold
it so it doesn't reglue itself to the
mid frame it does work pretty good
we're just gonna use our suction cup
here to help us reset right here at the
top let's hold it with my two four
fingers and then put our guitar pick
back in
let's go ahead and just cut down the
side and just separating the
double-sided tape from the mid frame of
the phone now if you are gonna end up
putting your pick in deeper you want to
make sure you go all the way underneath
the whole assembly of the LCD you want
to start yourself at the top because
we're gonna fold it down onto the ribbon
cables below it does get a little tricky
around the shattered portions of the
phone you'll need to put a little bit
more effort in to get underneath the
glass do the same thing here just trying
to separate making sure that I'm
underneath the LCD and not underneath or
in-between it we're gonna go head and
heat it up as the heat temperature fell
a little bit or you're not getting the
separation of the glue that we want to
or the tape so I just heated up around
the sides here since it RC Hardy has
been heated up it heats up a lot faster
than it would the first initial time we
were giving it the heat it's going
around the corners on the sides
alright we'll go ahead and start our
process here again trying to separate
the tape off of this it's got it's a lot
of progress on this side over here so
let's go ahead and keep moving it down
trying to get underneath the glass here
you can see that it's shattered so it's
a little bit harder than that
portion of the screen
perfect or making a lot better progress
now you can see they certainly come away
so I can start to slide it all the way
underneath the glass and the LCD
assembly and that will go ahead and
start to separate the screen for us a
lot easier
I have to use my Isis mole tool here to
get underneath the glass and get that
separated use it to start us a little
bit you can use a razor blade as well
perfect we'll go ahead and open it as
the cables slide into a slot down below
we still have a little bit of adhesive
tape down here at the bottom go ahead
and separate this from the mid frame as
well let's try to pull it off here if
you have a hard time you can pull it up
a little bit and then use your tool to
separate the tape here at the bottom
alright so we went ahead and separate it
from the mid frame of the foam we can go
ahead and set that aside the next year
when I go ahead and do is try to take
out the SIM slot in the mid frame
so looking at this you can see that
there's a slot right here it's actually
hidden under this matting on the front
of the phones we're to go ahead and push
that back then already build a SIM card
slot for us we're just gonna use a pry
tool to slide underneath this on the
opposite side of the phone use a guitar
pick or a spudger I think I end up using
just a piece of a cut-up gift card
something it's wide enough just kind of
go ahead and separate the adhesive on
the phone
perfect now the next step of that I'm
going to show you is clinic cutting off
the glass from the LCD and cleaning it
as well
if you don't need to watch that step you
can go ahead and just click to the
reassembly video if you bought a whole
new display assembly you want to watch
the separation go ahead in the
description there'll be a link to the
video for LCD separation or glass
separation go ahead and click that